This is the final Ruby project in The Odin Project curriculum, a fully functioning terminal-version of the game chess.

For this project, I am aiming to use TDD to implement the game efficiently and catch problems and faulty functions without having to rely on manual testing.
This will also prove to be quite a challenge in that I have to research and figure out ways to implement a somewhat complex game without any handholding or major help from the curriculum.
I'm aiming to use this as a chance to strengthen the habit of breaking up functions when I can, something which I've struggled with implementing before due to not thinking about it until after I end up with excessively large ones. 
As for testing, it'll be a lot of experience and reinforcement of that as well. I'm going to mainly use rather simple testing methods as I am still not fully comfortable with stubbing and the like.

The project is finished (mostly). Writing and developing with my own tests was less intimidating and more useful than I initially had expected. It made it a lot easier, both by letting me know when something worked or not, as well as by forcing me to think through what my program has to do to fulfill its goals. Definitely made my code less "rambly" and also made me split up stuff into sub-functions more often. 

I ended up having a few far too long bugchases, but they mostly came down to me forgetting to take specific cases into consideration. I.e not properly implementing the distinction for pawns between moves that are legal but can't capture, and ones that can. Besides those however, it went rather smoothly and I'm proud with what I ended up making. I did not end up implementing en passant nor castling. Castling mainly because while possible, it'd be rather cumbersome and I did not consider it worth the effort and time to do so, and en passant because while I have a good idea for how I'd do it, I've already put a lot of time into this and feel like it's more pressing to just finish it up and move on to new things. If I ever decide to revisit this and use the code as my basis for a web-version of Chess in JavaScript then I'll end up fixing those two things, but all in all, I am rather please with my result.

